this is rougher Israel has forced more
than half of gaza's population to flee
here but not even the police are
safe the officers killed in this strike
had been working with humanitarian
organizations to escort Aid trucks and
secure relief supplies but people here
fear the damage will be even worse if an
Israeli ground Invasion
occurs God in nothing will happen
because if the Israelis enter ruer with
this High population massacres will
occur they must find a solution for ruer
to prevent a major
Massacre this is the aftermath of
another Israeli strike this time on a
five-story building an entire family
wiped
out my sister and her husband were
sleeping there in that room my mother
and other sister with her children in
the living room and my father and I in a
room over here suddenly a missile fell
on us my sister my husband their
children including my niece who is only
2 months old they're all
gone people here feel trapped with
nowhere safe to
go whether they enter Rafa or not our
safety must be ensured this means we
should leave and head to a safe place
even though we're convinced there is no
safe place we've witnessed this in the
north and K Unice and in the middle and
they tell you this's a safe place but on
the way they bomb
people less than 300,000 people called
rough a home before the war now more
than 1.4 million people are living here
with disease and hunger
intense at the border with Egypt many
are looking to the other side hoping for
an
intervention
we depend on Egypt and its role to stop
the war on Rafa and we hope our brothers
led by President CeCe will prevent any
military operation in Rafa while the
people are in here and hopefully there
will be no operation at
all all they can do is wait for an
Israeli ground assault that the UN the
US and international Aid organizations
are warning will be
catastrophic Felix Nara Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jaaz